# Notes on the new pillar measure charts.
July 20, 2026

1. We need a way to id the measures. See how we adding the little SLUB P1.F1 to the focus areas, and P1.F1.A1 to the actions. 
2. Not a tweak to the chart, but we need a systematic way for you to alert me to missing data fields in Geoff's spreadsheet. For example, AP At Least 1 Course is missing the "Next update" part on the chart. I bet that's because it's missing in Geoff's stuff. Maybe after every refresh of Geoff's sheet, you create a little txt file with the missing fields, and I can use it to ping him?
3. Also, again, not specific to the chart, but as we discussed on Friday, Geoff is changing some of the measures, for example P2.M4 becoming P2.M2a, P2.M2b, etc. We do best when we have a single source of truth, and I'm thinking that maybe some of our upstream DIM_Measures.csv and related files may not be up-to-date.  I think those are also where we created the shortened titles for the measure. We need to update that, I think, but you may decide that the .json is the single source of truth. Let's discuss. 
4. When we built the best in nation measures, I remember having a lot of discussion about setting the y-max and y-min values on the charts. I know I had added those max's to LandingPage_MeasureResults.csv.  How are we deriving those min/max for this pillar charts. I want to apply the same rules. 
5. I know in our session on Friday, we changed the possible measure status labels, but I forgot why! I think we switched everything that was "baseline" to "approaching target". Is that correct? Like the AP pillar measure P1.M5 does not have a target established for 2025, so we are saying that the 99,397 is approaching the target. I'm not suggesting we change it, but want to determine our reasoning. I think we should mirror what we did in BiN measures, and I'm worried we are out of sync now.  Let's discuss.
6. Let's discuss, too, how we want to show multiple results. For example, right now we have two charts under results for Pillar 1, and they are stacked vertically. I'm not sure what the max number of measures there will be per pillar, but I'm wondering if that could result in too much scrolling.  We could go to a carousel approach I guess, kind of like we do with the pillars.  But I really want your recommendation. And maybe a design agent might have a viewpoint.